# Introduction to Python

👋 Welcome!

This is your starting point for the Bootcamp. The point of this module is to give you an introduction to the basics of the Python programming language. It assumes you know nothing, but it also assumes that you will "immerse" yourself to some degree. I.e., you need to "google around", use Stack Overflow and just generally have the attitude that you're going to "debug anything and everything" in order to get the most out of this.

In addition to the material here, we also highly recommend the following content, which you should also check out to further your Python knowledge!
- [edabit Python Tutorial for Beginners](https://edabit.com/tutorial/python) - This is a phenomenal, very short (30 minutes), interactive tutorial designed for those who have never seen Python code before. It actually is probably a good idea to start with this even before looking at our notebooks!
- [futurecoder Short Course on Python](https://futurecoder.io/course/#toc) - A much more in-depth Python tutorial which also features an interactive shell, and a significant amount of detail. This tutorial will give you a good feeling for how Python can be used in the "scripting" sense.
- [David Biersach's scicomp101 course](https://github.com/dbiersach/scicomp101) - Brookhaven National Lab's own ITD specialist David Biersach has compiled an incredible, accessible, comprehensive introduction to Python course upon which some of this material (throughout the entire Bootcamp) is based. The provided slides are timely, even if Thonny is a bit oldschool (you can still do those tutorials in whatever Python interpreter, Jupyter or otherwise, that you prefer).
- [Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory's BLDAP-Python-Data-Science Intro to Python notebooks](https://github.com/LBNLnext/BLDAP-Python-Data-Science/tree/9038eaa4eee47e7266791f8b237d35c1b2560c4f/00%20Intro%20to%20Python) - Very similar in spirit to our bootcamp, Berkeley Lab's short introduction to Python goes thorugh many of the same concepts, but is much more "assignment-based". Many answers not provided, though the content is worth working through.
- [Python for Astronomers](https://prappleizer.github.io/index.html) - Imad Pasha's beautiful "Python for Astronomers" textbook is a wonderful introduction to computing (for more than just astronomers), and Python, in general. Many other key concepts which run parallel to Python, such as terminals and Secure Shell, are covered. Don't underestimate how useful these other concepts will be in your work. He also offers a few [tutorials](https://prappleizer.github.io/index.html#tutorials) at various levels of difficulty.
